


portal
Files
Commands
Search
Packager files
20m
 • 
21 minutes ago
Remote Updates
origin/main•upstream
last fetched 18 hours ago
20 commits to push
Commit
There are no changes to commit.
/admin-forms.php

Update time off request form to use a single date range picker
21 minutes ago
•
Free
Saved your changes before rolling back
Rolled back to 'Update form icons to gold and style buttons for opening forms'
Finished
21 minutes ago
New chat
I've finished reverting, what should I do now?

in time off request form

Time off period needs to be just 1 calendar where the user can select from date to date instead of 2 seperate ones.

I understand that this request may fall during blackout dates and agree to any applicable policies > View policy " links to blackout dates and holidays announcement" make sure the link is relative

18 minutes ago

2 messages & 6 actions
I'll update the time off request form to use a single date range picker and add the policy link to the blackout dates announcement. Let me make these changes:
18 minutes ago
Update time off request form to use a single date range picker
45 seconds of work
add periods to the end of both acknowledgments sentences. View policy link should be in gold color, no more blues

13 minutes ago

2 messages & 4 actions
I'll add periods to both acknowledgment sentences and change the policy link to your gold theme color.
12 minutes ago
Update acknowledgment sentences and policy link color
31 seconds of work
Select Date Range is still showing 2 fields rather one like i mentioned above.

all the * signs in the form need to be gold color not red

11 minutes ago

3 messages & 13 actions
I understand now - you want a true single date range picker instead of two separate date fields, and need all the required field asterisks to be gold instead of red. Let me implement both changes:
10 minutes ago
Update form styling and date selection for time off requests
1 minute of work
make the gold box that appears under the time off preiod date range which shows how many days selected black please

9 minutes ago

2 messages & 4 actions
I'll change the gold date summary box to black as requested.
8 minutes ago
Change the color of the date selection summary box to black
31 seconds of work
ive hit the clear notifications multiple times, but it seems they dont clear, because they keep reappearing everytime i log in and out, please keep in mind the website will be hosted on cpanel, so im not sure if this is a caching issue since we are just working local now. AI_RULES.MD

7 minutes ago

3 messages & 11 actions
I need to investigate the notification system to understand why notifications aren't clearing properly. Let me search the codebase to find how notifications are managed and stored.
6 minutes ago
Fix issue preventing notifications from clearing and reappearing
1 minute of work
on desktop when i click the circle with A to access the admin tools etc, Sign Out needs to be gold color not red

5 minutes ago

4 messages & 10 actions
I need to find and update the "Sign Out" link in the admin tools dropdown to use your gold theme color instead of red.
4 minutes ago
Update sign out button color to a distinct gold hue
50 seconds of work
lets work on Admin-forms.php

remember Shift reports is not really a form so we are just displaying under forms, but it has its own reports page where can see report submissions.

Time off request though and any future form we add should be on admin-forms.php

in that page, i would like to see my form, be able to edit its settings, as in the Title, description, Mark it as active or inactive, be able to see submissions, be able to share a submission though email, be able to add to which emails the form submissions should be submitted to ie

Just now
Working..

Scroll to latest

Make, test, iterate…

Build
Loading... - Replit
Could not connect to the reCAPTCHA service. Please check your internet connection and reload to get a reCAPTCHA challenge.